1
101,1,1,"I cried for the first week upon diagnosis.   It confirmed my worst fears, that I had it.  I had found the lump 8 months earlier and just could not deal, so just said I’d think about it another day.  Then I needed birth control, and that had been so long ago I’d forgotten they examine breasts too.  So that gave me the shove.Treatment was up and down.  I kept working but it was impossible to get away from.  And I’d have times that were worse than others.  My family wanted to descend upon me, wanted to give me them, but I wanted solitude and money.  I needed it.  But that was too bad.  My ex-husband had a unipolar condition and so I have had the financial burden for our children. Well, he’s better now, but last summer I truly realized that I was on my own. No one would help me.  The worst part of my treatment emotionally was when I found out I had abnormal cells in my uterus and needed a cold knife cone.  I was sure I was going to die!  And felt truly scared.  It pissed me off.  I got pretty curt with the nurses at KU, and they truly were fucking up!  Then came the radiation.  It was hard to go in there. I’m prejudiced against Indian doctors, some because I can’t understand their speech, but underlying of them is an inability to truly merge with the American culture.  Please  understand I like Indians as acquaintances and friends, just not doctors.  Anyway, it turned out to be a huge inconvenience timewise but not too bad.  The last day I cried under the machines, but it’s only for what?  One minute maximum.  And then I was out of there, it was over.  First I felt kind of let down, like this thing I’d devoted myself to disappeared.  But that didn’t last long. It’s been almost five months.  The most persistent thing I’ve felt is despair. My finances are hopeless.  KU wants me to pay about $45,000 and I have no money.  My income dropped by half last year!  I have to move, can’t afford to live here now, and to pay taxes I’ve sold my car. I’ve been walking for two months.  I sometimes Freelance for KU, and now those checks are being withheld to pay KUMC.  I feel ugly and hate for people to still come up and say how much they love my hair.  It’s ugly!  I have some scissors here if they’d like to try it too!  That’s it in a nutshell.  I have been surprised at how bitter I’ve been, and hope to the bottom of my heart that I ‘ll never get it back.  Maybe spring coming will make me more happy.  It’s possible.  And I’ve maybe located a new house.I think maybe I’ll be able to find a cheap car.  All these maybes get to be too much!!!Today I was at the Medical Center to have a simple mammogram and labs.  I was there early and had to wait an hour! Same old thing.  Oh well. "
101,1,2,"aa"
