1
101,1,1,"Sometimes I'm still not sure how I feel about everything.  I remember clearly the day of the biopsy when Doctor Praeger came in to tell me that it was cancer.  I was shocked, because I had been so sure it wouldn't be.  I cried at the time, mostly because I felt a fear I had never before experienced.  I felt so alone.  All I wanted was my husband.  It seemed like I was watching the whole thing unfold in a movie.  I had been in desperate situations before, but never anything so serious as this.  Part of me felt that the whole diagnosis was a mistake.  GR felt the same way, because for days after both of us would hope that each phone call would be news telling us that they were wrong.I don't remember a time in my life when I have felt this out of control.  I always felt that my brain, or maybe it's my soul, and my physical body were well connected.  Now I feel like I'm living in a shell.  There is an inner me and an outer, physical me.  The two feel so disconnected.  Then I worry because of the gap between the two.  You hear so much about the connection between mind and body and the power of mental healing.  I'm always scared that my cancer will return because I can't visualize like other people and will it to stay away.One of the hardest parts of the whole experience was right after the biopsy.  We had to go home and tell both families the news.  My parents had taken the day off work to wait in Lawrence, which surprised me.  I had no fear going into the test, so I figured they wouldn't either.  I didn't want to burden them and I didn't want to deal with their reactions.  GR's parents were down and I felt almost embarrassed to tell them.  Ever since we've been married, I've wanted to keep things simple since they had such a bad experience with GR's ex - wife Julie.  It seems their whole relationship with her was constant chaos, and I didn't want to cause more of the same.  I also didn't want to tell my mom, because her way of dealing with stressful situations is to become angry.  I wasn't too worried that she would be angry with me, but I knew she would have to place blame somewhere.  Sometimes I worry that I'm too much like her, getting upset easily, and that constant emotion is what caused my cancer.  To be quite honest, I don't remember how she actually took the news.  I do remember that later in the day, after my dad and stepmother left, she had us all sit in the living room and pray."
101,1,2,"aa"
